No no.
That's what I said.
Why is your damn wife here?
He cheated on my son.
She said why did I come?
I will go right away.
Mom, can you please not get in the car?
He paid all the money for my mother's medical treatment.
Bastard, shut up.
bitch
Shameless
Unspoken affair
Even live in store.
Bastard.
How much do you lack men?
If you are in a bad mood, get out.
You slept with my daughter-in-law and still dare to be arrogant.
dirty man
Only missing direct caught cheating on the bed
If you know
You will kneel down and apologize to me immediately.
If not someone will come in a moment.
I told you to cry but you can't cry.
Will step on people again.
Tran Pham, go quickly.
Here we go again.
Oh, I was wrong.
It's all my fault.
You forgive me it's all my fault.
Why do I seduce you?